Our guide, who was a French Canadian, was an excellent cook.
Her brother, who is a teacher, is strict with her.
Mary Smith, who is standing on the corner, wants to meet you.
My father, who is an excellent violinist,is giving a concert next month.
My gardener, who is very pessimistic, says that there will be no apples this year.
She has a sister, who is a teacher.
The famous basketball star, who tried to make a comeback, attracted a lot of attention.
John's mother, who lives in Scotland, has 6 grandchildren.
My friend John, who went to the same school as me, has just written a best-selling novel.
My grandmother, who is dead now, came from the North of England.
My grandfather, who's 87, goes swimming every day.
Yesterday I met my new boss, who was very nice.
Russell Crowe, who starred in Gladiator, was born in New Zealand.
Mr Smith, who I like, has invited me to a party.
Mr Smith, who works with me, has invited me to a party.
My mum, who has been baking for years, made us cupcakes.
Bob's mum, who is a musician, has lost her car keys.
Joanna, who lives in Turkey, gave birth to her first child.
My grandfather, who has not got gray hair, invited me to the neighbourhood meeting.
Julia's mother, who is a member of the Parent-Teacher Association, visited us yesterday.
This is our English teacher whom everybody likes.
The police have pulled in a half dozen people whom they suspect.
The girl with whom he had been living for two years suddenly packed her bags and left.
He is the person whom I met in the park yesterday.
The man whom you met just now is my friend.
Where is the man whom I saw this morning.
The man with whom you were speaking is my husband.
I hope to hear from the person whom I spent hours talking with last night.
My science teacher is a person whom I like very much.
The witnesses whom I interviewed gave conflicting evidence.
The cousin whom we met at the family reunion is coming to visit.
The man whom I told you about is Jimmy.
She is the teacher whom I like best.
He was a personal friend whom I have known for many years.
This is the pen which you want.
I like the cake which you bought yesterday.
The report which will be given tomorrow is important to us.
This is an old computer which works much slower.
Football is a game which is liked by most boys.
The building which we are looking at used to be a hospital.
Lally was right about the repairs which the cottage needed.
Rule out neatly any words which you don't wish Jack to read.
The sports day is an occasion which we can all join in.
Football is a game which is like by most boys.
She was not on the train which arrived just now.
She loves the chocolate which I bought.
We went to the village which Lucy recommended.
I liked the seaside resort which we spent last summer.
Did you find the money which you lost?
There was a one-year guarantee which came with the TV.
A prosperity which had never been seen before appears in the countryside.
The package which you are carrying is about to come unwrapped.
A shop should keep a stock of those goods which sell best.
This is the family which is planning to move to the party.
Edison built up a factory which produced things that had never been seen before.
I like the present that my father sent me.
Is there anything that I can do for you?
These are all the things that I have done today.
The picture that we are looking at was drawn by a fifteen-year-old student.
The meeting that you have missed yesterday was very important.
That's just the topic that I'm very interested in.
This is a machine that can walk.
Is this the school that you visited last Sunday?
John once talked to his mom about the people and cities that he had visited abroad.
I think you'll find a school community here that supports that.
That's all that happened that day.
There can't be too many places that fit that description.
There are some people in San Francisco that would dispute that.
I like those cookies that are coated with chocolate spread.
The letter that I received from him yesterday is very important.
Here is the car that I had told you about.
The third tree that I planted was cut down by someone again.
He gives the driest speech that I have ever listened to.
The first thing that I want to do now is to have a drink.
They pushed open all the windows that remained closed for a whole month.
All the presents that your friends give you on your birthday should be put away.
I have some things that I must do today.
Would you please correct any wrong spellings that you find?
This is the very book that I have been looking for.
He was watching the children and parcels that filled the car.
We talked about the persons and things that we remembered in school.
This is the very reason that we all know.
We study in a classroom whose windows face to the south.
This is the building whose windows were all painted green.
A teacher is a person whose duty is to teach.
This is my deskmate whose father works in a factory.
He is a shallow thinker whose opinions aren't worth much.
Nobody is going to buy a house whose front door opens onto a gas works.
I'd like a room whose window looks out over the sea.
Mr. Liu wants to talk to the students whose homework hasn't been handed in.
Someone whose nose runs and feet smell is built upside-down.
Do you know the gallerist whose car was stolen?
I won't eat in a restaurant whose cooks smoke.
This is George, whose brother went to school with me.
He's a musician whose albums have sold millions.
Students whose grades are low can drop one test score.
The man whose daughter won the tournament is a tennis coach.
A dog whose owner lets it run loose may cause an accident.
The tree whose branches shade my kitchen window is an oak.
The man whose body is bent like a pretzel is extremely flexible!
She shouldn't sleep in a bed whose mattress is so soft!
The treehouse, whose ladder is made of rope looks fun to climb.
This is the little girl whose parents were killed in the great earthquake
This is the classroom where we study.
Potato can be grown in places where it's too cold to grow rice.
Beijing is the place where I was born.
I enjoyed the evening when we stayed together by the sea.
The town where my father grew up is not far from here.
After living in Paris for fifty years he returned to the small town where he grew up as a child.
You should make it a rule to leave things at a place where you can find them again.
The bar in Barcelona where I met my wife is still there.
I visited the neighborhood where I grew up.
There's the restaurant where I ate last night.
Where's the pencil which I gave you yesterday?
Do you remember the place where we caught the train?
That's the stadium where Real Madrid play.
This is the house where I once lived.
We'll go to the place where the accident happened.
It was at our college library where I borrowed the novel.
We will discuss a number of cases where beginners of English fail to use the language preperly.
He was driving so fast as to get himself into a dangerous situation where he is likely to lose the control over his car.
Remember that the best relationship is one where your love for each other is greater than your need for each other.
English is a fixed-word-order language where each phrase has a fixed position.
We will start at the point where we left off.
That's the reason why I didn't attend the meeting yesterday.
Can you tell me the reason why the car broke down?
Is this the reason why he refused our offer?
The reason why we are holding this meeting is to meet each other.
Do you know the reason why the stores are closed today?
This is the reason why they are all against the plan.
These are the reasons why we do it.
The main reason why he lost his job was that he drank.
I don't know the reason why you quarreled with him.
Give me one good reason why I should help you.
I don't know the reason why he didn't come to the meeting yesterday.
One reason why I support the building of a modern gym is that physical education class is very important to the well-being of students.
The reason why I chose the forests as the most important is because they help us in so many ways.
She didn't tell me the reason why she refused the offer.
That's one of the reasons why I asked you to come.
The reason why I was away from school is that I was ill yesterday.
That's the reason why I left my job.
The reason why he was late was that he got up late this morning.
The reason why he was chosen remains unknown.
I think I can understand the reason why he didn't tell the truth to me.
We will never forget the days when we stayed with Mr. Smith.
He always remembered the day when his father returned from America.
The summer when I graduated from university was long and hot.
Yesterday was a day when everything went wrong!
Summer is the season when I'm happiest.
July and August are the months when the weather is cold in New Zealand.
My girl friend told me that Dec. 20 is the day when she was born.
The film brought the hours back to me when I was taken good care of in that far-away village.
The day when I met the famous pop star was the greatest of my life.
Don't you remember that day when we first came here?
1998 was the year when he was born.
I'll never forget the day when I first met you.
Don't forget the time when the wedding will start.
I've always longed for the days when I should be able to be independent.
The reason why he came is not very convincing.
There came a day when the rain fell at last.
It happened in November when the weather was wet and cold.
At the age when other people retire, Francis began the greatest cause in his life.
The night when we took a stroll in the park was so cold.
Who is the person with whom you shook hands just now?
I have visited the place in which those products are made.
This is the book for which you asked.
The way in which you are doing it is completely crazy.
Here is the young man about whom we've heard so much.
Can you tell me the date on which the accident happened?
In the dark street, there wasn't a single person to whom she could turn for help.
The house in which I spent my childhood isn't far away.
This kind of book is for children, the native language of whom is Chinese.
He has some novels, all of which are written in Russian.
Mr. White wrote many articles, some of which were translated into Chinese.
Mr. Brown has written a novel, the name of which I have completely forgotten.
He paid the boy $50 for washing ten windows, most of which hadn't been cleaned for at least a year.
Mary lives in the room, the door of which opens east.
The engineer with whom my father is talking has just come from abroad.
There is nobody to whom he can turn for help.
Our guide, who was a French Canadian, was an excellent cook.
Her brother, who is a teacher, is strict with her.
Mary Smith, who is standing on the corner, wants to meet you.
My father, who is an excellent violinist,is giving a concert next month.
My gardener, who is very pessimistic, says that there will be no apples this year.
She has a sister, who is a teacher.
The famous basketball star, who tried to make a comeback, attracted a lot of attention.
John's mother, who lives in Scotland, has 6 grandchildren.
My friend John, who went to the same school as me, has just written a best-selling novel.
My grandmother, who is dead now, came from the North of England.
My grandfather, who's 87, goes swimming every day.
Yesterday I met my new boss, who was very nice.
Russell Crowe, who starred in Gladiator, was born in New Zealand.
Mr Smith, who I like, has invited me to a party.
Mr Smith, who works with me, has invited me to a party.
My mum, who has been baking for years, made us cupcakes.
Bob's mum, who is a musician, has lost her car keys.
Joanna, who lives in Turkey, gave birth to her first child.
My grandfather, who has not got gray hair, invited me to the neighbourhood meeting.
Julia's mother, who is a member of the Parent-Teacher Association, visited us yesterday.
Peter, whom you met in London, is now back in Paris.
I have three foreign teachers, two of whom are from Canada.
Mr Smith, from whom I have learned a lot, is a famous scientist.
This is Jack, whom you haven't met before.
She went to work with my brother, whom she later married.
This is a letter from my father, whom we hope will be out of hospital soon.
There was a search for Sophia, whom no one had seen since dinner.
Please give the book to Jessica, whom we met in the hall just now.
My friend, whom I've known for years, came to my house today.
Mr Robinson, whom I met at the trade fair, is a famous inventor.
My ex school teacher, whom I know for many years, helped me pass the exam.
A young man had a new girl friend, whom he wanted to impress.
I'll find a nice girl, whom I want to marry.
My uncle, whom I told you about yesterday, is an engineer and is working in Beijing.
The boy, whose father is an engineer, studies very hard.
Have you seen the file Titanic, whose leading actor is world famous?
We shall have to make a decision about Ms. King, whose story I've just told you.
The film, whose director is an old man, is very instructive.
The play, whose style is rigidly formal, is typical of the period.
Yesterday I met a woman named Susan, whose husband works in London.
The award was given to Sara, whose short story impressed the judges.
My next-door neighbour, whose children go to school with ours, has just bought a new car.
After the port there is a row of fisherman's houses, whose lights can be seen from across the bay.
Amelia, whose mother is from Shanghai, speaks English and Chinese fluently.
Emily, whose brother is a singer, is in my English class.score
Mark, whose brother works with me, wants to buy my house.
I walk to school with my friend, whose house is next door to mine.
My friend Jane, whose husband is Canadian, moved to Canada last week.
Maria, whose daughter teaches in a secondary school, is visiting me on the weekend.
The manager's daughter, whose name is Ann, gave me a patient smile.
Many children, whose parents are away working in big cities, are taken good care of in the village．
Not far from the club, there was a garden, whose owner was seated in it playing cards with his children every afternoon.
Have you ever listened to the song Yesterday Once More, whose singer died in her early years?
In 1963 the UN set up the World Food Programme, one of whose purposes is to relieve worldwide starvation.
I lost a book, whose title I can't remember now.
He paid the boy $50 for washing ten windows, most of which hadn't been cleaned for at least a year.
Miss Green works in a hospital, which is only a 10-minute walk from here.
He succeeded in the competition, which made his parents very happy.
I tried to get out of the business, which is impossible.
The weather turned out to be very good, which we hadn't expected.
He said he had never met her, which is not true.
Tracy was always speaking highly of her role in the play, which, of course, made the others unhappy.
In fact the Swede didn't understand the three questions, which were asked in French.
She said she had finished her work, which I doubted very much.
The moon, which is 384000 kilometers away from the earth, creates many beautiful stories.
The child had a fever last night, which worried her patients very much.
I bought my sister a big toy, which delighted her greatly.
Jane told me that she won the match,which was a lie.
Internet is so interesting, which makes all possible happen.
Crusoe's dog, which was very old now, became ill and died.
These apple trees, which I planted three years ago, have not borne any fruit.
She is an artist, which I am not.
The two policemen were completely trusted, which in fact they were.
He said that he had never seen her before, which was not true.
We stopped at the museum, which we had never visited before.
He will put off the picnic until May 1st, when he will be free.
She will never forget September 1, when she had her first history lesson as a teacher.
Christmas Day, when many people stay at home, is a quiet day in many western countries.
December, when Christmas is celebrated, is a summer month for the southern hemisphere.
He will come to see me next July, when he won't be so busy.
We'll graduate in July,when we will be free.
I'll come at ten, when I'll be free.
Between the two parts of the concert is an interval, when the audience can buy ice-cream.
The Tang Dynasty is generally regarded as a golden chapter by people worldwide, when the Chinese civilization influenced many neighboring countries.
We'll put off the outing until next month, when Amy feels better.
Next month, when you'll spend your summer holidays in your hometown, is approaching.
December, when Christmas is celebrated, is a summer month for the southern hemisphere.
The sports meeting will be put off till next month,when we will have made all the preparations.
The school is no longer what it was 20 years ago, when it was so poorly equipped.
I still remember January 10, when he cmae to see me.
That was 1929, since when things have been better.
The car accident happened in 1990, when I was a six-year-old child.
My favorite season is fall, when all the leaves change color.
They went to London, where they lived for six months.
This summer I want to go to Hangzhou, where there is a beautiful lake.
I came to London, where I found him.
She is going to live in Beijing, where she has some close friends.
City Park, where we used to go, has been closed down.
I've just come back from London, where John lives.
The family home in New Orleans, where Munroe spent much of his childhood, has recently been opened to the public.
He recently returned to St John's College, where he had studied as an undergraduate.
Buckingham Palace, where the Queen of England lives, is in the center of London.
The leisure centre, where I go swimming, is just across town.
I started at Microsoft in 2008, where I worked until recently.
It's a good place, where I spend my childhood
Pisa is a city, where there is a leaning tower.
They will fly to Washingtom, where they plan to stay for two or three days.
All the neighbor admire this family, where the parents are treating their child like a friend.
The school, where I once studied, was built thirty years ago.
Yesterday Jimmy left for Cananda, where he had stayed two years.
I walked in our garden, where Tom and Jim were tying a big sign onto one of the trees.
We walked down the village street, where they were having market day.
Last Sunday they reached Nanjing, where a conference was to be held.
Lucy stayed up late last night.
The smaller team won.
He failed in the test.
The sun rises.
He came.
She left 3 days ago.
The boy smiled.
The baby cried just now.
The car stopped.
Lucy sleeps well.
The game will start at 5:00.
Birds of the same feather flock together.
I understand.
I don't like your pants.
You will succeed.
Time flies.
My right arm hurts.
The old man died.
We all breathe, eat, and drink.
Little Robin chirped and sang.
Everybody laughed.
I may agree.
I ate all the apples.
I like apples.
He reached Shanghai.
Mary wrote an article.
My father has many friends.
You may keep the book.
We love China.
I have finished reading this book.
He can speak English.
She didn't say anything.
They asked to see my passport.
I enjoy working with you.
Did you write down what he said?
We often help him.
He likes to play basketball.
She said that he felt sick.
You should drink some water.
He had dinner.
Jane likes animals.
I saw a movie last night.
The tall man is a basketball player.
She is a lovely girl.
My brother is a soldier.
He is handsome.
She is No.1.
His work is sleeping.
My plan is to find a job this month.
Everything was under control.
We will be successful in the future.
He was so small.
John was excited.
The apple tastes sweet.
I feel comfortable.
The cake looks delicious.
The flowers smell good.
She looked worried.
He turned out to be fine.
The storms grow stronger.
The potatoes went bad in the fields.
Her face turned red.
They appear to be angry.
That remains a puzzle.
He seems a nice man.
Please keep still.
He stays the same after all these years.
She passed him the salt.
He bought his girlfriend some flowers.
I'll tell you a story about Jack-a-Nory.
Let me show you something.
He gave me a book.
He taught me English.
Jenny brings me cookies every day.
Linda returned the bike to me just now.
She made a beautiful dress for me.
My dog found me a bag.
I sent her a letter.
Peter made me a cake.
I brought you a present.
Please show me your passport.
I will return the book to you tomorrow.
They offered Jo the job.
The government has promised us a full investigation.
We wish you a merry Christmas.
He still hasn't paid me the money he owes me.
I'll take my host family a gift.
Teachers should read more poetry to children.
Your wife won't allow us to play cards.
His father told him not to play in the street.
We saw them play football yesterday.
I heard her sing in the next room.
They elected John the president.
We made him our monitor.
They named the boy Charlie.
We call him Jack.
I find learning to drive easy.
We found it impossible to get there before Saturday.
The sun keeps us warm.
We kept our office clean.
We'd better leave the door open.
My wife locked me out.
Jane left it downstairs.
I smell something burning in the kitchen.
I heard Mary singing in the classrrom.
I saw them playing on the ground.
They felt the car moving fast.
I find my son seated in the corner.
I had my bike stolen.
She is singing an English song.
He is playing the piano.
The children are flying kites in the park.
A train is coming.
We are making model planes these days.
They are playing basketball now.
Are you going to Tianjing tomorrow?
What lesson are you studying this week?
How many of you are coming to the party next week?
He isn't watching TV.
We aren't having English class.
Is he drawing a picture?
What are you doing?
Linda's brother is watching TV in his bedroom now.
Mr. Cheng is visiting our village this month.
My aunt is leaving for Shanghai at eleven o'clock tomorrow morning.
He is always causing trouble.
She is constantly worrying about her son's health.
Our study is becoming more interesting.
She usually goes to school at 8:00.
She always eats her lunch at noon.
We get up at 6:00 every day.
She is a hardworking student.
My piano is quite new.
Does your father hate rock music?
There are seven days in a week.
Tom and Jerry are not good friends.
Are you from China?
Who is the girl over there?
Pride goes before a fall.
The earth moves around the sun.
There are seven days in a week.
Shanghai lies in the east of China.
She does not know London very well.
I want to see the dentist please.
I hope that you have some money.
You look very well.
The sun rises early and sets late.
The Sawyers live at 87 King Street.
You didn't do your best.
I was very tired last night.
I watched TV yesterday.
I thought you were ill.
He always worked into night those days.
They were here only a few minutes ago.
We did not have a good time yesterday.
The boy opened his eyes for a moment.
You were absent from school two days ago.
I had a word with Julia this morning.
I never drank wine.
My school trip was great!
Were Wei Hua and Han Mei here just now﹖
How was his father last week?
Whenever we were in trouble, he would help us.
We often went out for a walk after supper.
I wondered if you could help me.
Old Henry wasn't happy last Friday.
Last Saturday evening, I went to the movies with some friends.
There was a park near our school.
I will go to visit him next week.
How are you going to spend your holidays?
I think it is going to snow.
There's going to be a lot of trouble about this.
The rain will stop soon.
She will tell me when she is ready.
You will never know what will happen next.
When will you go to university?
I'll be right back.
I'll do something for you.
I'm going to go fishing tomorrow.
We will have a meeting on Sunday.
I won't ride bike anymore.
He'll stay at home.
Why will you be here on Sunday?
Where will you go on holiday?
What shall we do?
The letter will be sent tomorrow.
Will they be here tomorrow?
It's going to snow next Monday.
He is not going to be a lawyer.
Are you going to have dinner at home tomorrow night?
We were expecting you yesterday.
He was playing while I was studying.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift.
This time yesterday Jack was not watching TV.
We were having supper when the phone rang.
I was having a talk with Li Hua at that time.
We were hoping you would stay with us.
John was always coming to school late.
I was leaving for Wuhan that day.
What were you doing at ten yesterday?
My parents were watching TV at 8:00 last night.
When the teacher came in, I was singing.
What was he researching all day last Sunday?
It was raining when they left the station.
While he was waiting for the bus, he was reading a newspaper.
He was cleaning his car while I was cooking.
He was repairing his bike.
She was reading an English book this morning.
I was walking in the street when someone called me.
We were planting trees this time last friday.
I have found my schoolbag.
I haven't seen Jamie for two months.
She has lost her books.
We have never spoken to a foreigner.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
I have never seen him before.
Has she ever been abroad?
I've never heard of anyone doing that.
I have't seen her for four years.
He has been in the League for three years.
I have been to Beijing twice.
We have already finished our homework.
Have you ever been to the Great Wall?
How long have you been here in Sydney?
You've learned surfing from him, haven't you?
How many songs has he learned so far?
He has been in Honolulu ever since.
What have you done since you joined Greener China?
He has lived here since 1978.
I haven't eaten anything since breakfast.
He has done a lot of work in the past two years.
I suggested that we go the next day.
We believe that he is honest.
The doctor insists that I give up smoking.
I suggest that we should go tomorrow.
The seller demanded that payment be made within five days.
I don't think that it is right for him to treat you like that.
She was sorry that she hadn't finished her work on time.
The teacher told his class that light travels faster than sound.
I am sure that he will come soon.
Tell your son that watching TV too much is bad for his eyes.
I don't think that there will be time to do it.
Tom advised me that I should take more water.
He told us that he felt ill.
I don't suppose that he cares,does he?
The teacher said that the earth goes round the sun.
Tom said that he wouldn't pass the final exam.
I am glad that you've passed the exam．
It proved that the world was round.
I see that you have a lot of experience．
I found that he was lying on the ground.
I heard that he was back.
I think it necessary that we take plenty of hot water every day.
I feel it a pity that I haven't been to the get-together.
We were afraid that we were going to capsize the boat.
I'll see whether I can induce him to accept it.
I don't know whether he'll arrive in time.
We didn't know whether they liked the place.
I asked her whether she agreed.
I wonder whether they will come to our party.
We decided whether to walk there
I'm thinking of whether we should go to see the film.
We discussed whether we had a sports meeting next week.
I can't say whether or not they can come on time.
I wonder whether it's true.
She asked whether that was enough.
It all depends on whether it will be fine tomorrow.
I doubt whether he will succeed.
We still don't know whether he will attend the meeting.
I didn't know whether they liked the place.
I'm interested in whether he likes English.
We're thinking about whether we can finish the work on time.
I worry about whether I hurt her feelings.
I can't say whether this is true or not.
Nobody knew whether he could pass the exzam.
Everything depends on whether we have enough money.
I am not certain whether the train will arrive on time.
She didn't say if he was still alive.
I wonder if it's large enough.
Please tell me if you need help.
I don't know if you can help me.
Jenny asked if I would go to her party.
She hasn't decided if he'll go on a trip to Wuxi.
She asked me if I knew whose pen it is.
Let me know if he will come or not.
The reporter asked if the government would take necessary measures to put down the to-do.
Nobody knows if it will rain tomorrow.
Lucy asked if they had a cotton sweater.
He came to see if there was anything wrong with his cat.
The old woman asked me if I knew the way to the hospital.
Tom asked if I had read the book.
I wonder if she is ill.
We doubt if he is telling the truth.
Go and see if they are still in the laboratory.
Could you tell me if it rains a lot in summer in your hometown?
I don't know if the shoes are cheap enough.
Could you tell me if he had gone to Beijing?
Do you know if she will go to the cinema with us?
In the bookshop, a reader asked the shop keeper if Who Moved My Cheese was an interesting book.
I don't know who you mean.
Can you tell me who you are waiting for?
She asked who would like to go.
Do you know who will come this afternoon?
Could you tell me who knows the answer, please?
I don't know who you should depend on.
Do you know who has won this game?
Can you tell me who that gentleman is?
How much one enjoys himself travelling depends largely on who he goes with.
Please tell me who that girl is.
I don't know who he is.
It was a matter of who would take the position.
He said nothing about who broke the window last night.
She doesn't tell me who will come tomorrow.
I want to know who will go with us.
Tom asked who often came to school late.
He asked me who told me the accident.
We never know who the old man is.
Do you know who else is going to be on duty today?
Did you know who was he looking for?
Tell me whose wallet this is.
She asked me if I knew whose pen it is.
She had demanded to know whose the child was.
The teacher wants to know whose shirt it is.
Can you tell me whose book it is?
I wonder whose wallet was left here.
Jane realized whose father he was.
Judy suddenly understood whose pay is the highest.
I wonder whose this is.
I don't know whose watch it is.
Lucy doesn't care whose house it is.
I wondered whose the coat was.
It's hard to say whose fault it is.
I do not know whose idea this was.
Do you know whose handwriting is the best in our class?
I don't know whose watch it is.
Could you tell me whose the special shoes are?
Do you know whose umbrella is lost?
I can't tell whose cup this is.
She doesn't seem to care whose bag is lost.
She has got what she wanted.
He began to think about what he should do.
I don't know what you are talking about.
I don't know what they are looking for.
Can you imagine what kind of man he is?
I asked what he needed.
I believe what he told me.
I wonder what he's writing to me about.
Paul asked me what I would do the following day.
I'll see what I can do.
I'll do what you asked me to．
This reminded me of what he had once told us.
The small children don't know what is in their stockings.
The book will show yon what the best CEOs know.
The chief foods eaten in any country depend largely on what grows best in its climate and soil.
Can you imagine what kind of man he is?
They will be thankful for what you have done.
I'm sorry for what I have done.
I was surprised at what he said.
The teacher came up to see what was the matter.
For centuries, people have wondered what this continent is really like.
We'll do whatever we can to save him.
I'll do whatever I can do.
We'll give you whatever help you need．
Take whatever action is needed.
You can do whatever you like.
I don't believe whatever he said.
He does whatever she asks him to do.
Do whatever she tells you.
Goats eat whatever food they can find.
I will just say whatever comes into my mind.
Give them whatever they desire.
I'm going to learn whatever my tutor wishes.
One should stick to whatever one has begun.
She would tell him whatever news she got.
You can have whatever allowance you like.
The newcomer searched for whatever he could find about Mark Twain.
We'll give you whatever help you need.
I will offer whatever help I can to the victims.
He read whatever books he could get.
I am willing to pay whatever price you ask.
Please tell me which you like.
Could you tell me which gate we have to go to?
Can you tell me which class you are in?
You can read whichever book she recommends.
She can't remember which seat is hers.
None of us knows which floor she is on.
Do you know which way we must take to get to the hospital?
Can you tell me which language she speaks?
I don't know which way I should take.
Could you tell me which is the way to the post office.
I want to know whick book you like to read best of the three.
The twins are so alike I can't tell which is which.
I don't know which of us was the more scared.
Miranda wasn't sure which one is the most important.
John can't tell which one is his among all these bags.
A driver should use his turning signal to let other drivers know which lane he is entering.
He wanted to know which was on the table.
Do you wnow which country is the largest?
He asked me which I liked best.
Have you determined whichever you shouldbuy?
You can take whichever you like.
Have you determined whichever you should buy, a Huawei or Apple smart phone?
Take whichever you like.
I'll take whichever books you don't want.
She'll buy whichever is the cheapest.
Choose whichever brand you prefer.
You can read whichever book she recommends.
You are free to choose whichever suits you best.
Eat whichever cake you like.
We'll eat at whichever restaurant has a free table.
You can pick whichever one you like.
He will support whichever candidate wins.
I don't mind whichever one you're making.
She shall have whichever of the two will serve her better.
The Greeks are ready to join whichever side they think the best.
You can choose whichever color you like.
I don't care whichever way he may choose.
I will catch whichever taxi comes first.
You should choose whichever game you enjoy most.
You can play with whichever toys you like.
Could you tell me when the train will leave?
He didn't say when he would return.
He didn't tell me when the traffic accident had taken place.
You don't know when you are lucky.
I'd like to know when they will let him out.
Can you tell me when they will come back?
He didn't tell me when we should meet again.
Could you tell me when the train will leave?
I'd like to know when you joined the army.
Do you know when we will take off.
We didn't know when he was coming to visit our school.
Can you tell me when you were born, Betty?
Can you tell me when the meeting will begin?
Do you know when Mr. Smith moved here?
I don't know when he gets up this morning.
I wonder when we can take a break.
I'll tell you when to stop.
I don't know when I'll see her again.
I can't remember when I posted the letter.
He asked when the project would start.
He has informed me when they are to solve the problem.
He knows where they live.
None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.
The policewoman asked the little boy where he lived.
He asked me where he would arrive.
Could you tell me where you're from?
None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.
Nobody knew where he was from.
Do you know where Mr. Li lives?
Could you tell me where the nearest hospital is?
Lily, have you decided where you will go for travelling this summer?
I don't remember where I put the book yesterday.
They don't know where their parents are.
None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.
The old man asked me where the cinema was.
Could you tell me where the tape is?
Could you tell me where we shall show our tickets?
Please tell me where your sister workds last year.
I don't remember where I put my cup.
We haven't decided where we will go for our vacation.
He asked me where he could buy a book.
I asked how he was getting on.
Have you found out how wide the ditch Was?
Tell us how you're getting on now.
He asked his father how it happened.
Could you please tell me how you read the new panel?
He wondered how the pyramids were built.
The boy asked how far the moon is from the earth.
He really doesn't know how soon the overhead bridge will be finished.
Li Lei told Jim how much the sweater was.
Jack isn't sure how many students there are in his factory.
Please tell us how we can get to the Science Museum.
He wanted to know how long she had stayed in hospital.
Could you tell me how he gets on with his new classmates?
We should think about how we can do it better next time.
I wonder how I can pay for the new shoes.
Would you please tell me how we can get to Bon-Garden?
This book will show you how what you've learned from books is put into practical use.
A new study from the US says that 2-year-old babies care about how others see them.
He always thinks how he can do better.
Will you please show me how I can operate this new machine?
This depends on how hard you work.
I don't know why she is crying.
He asked why he had to go alone.
We didn't know why he had answered in that fashion.
Could you tell me why you were late for the meeting this morning?
I wonder why I never complained.
Li Lei didn't tell the teacher why he didn't come yesterday.
I don't remember why she left the boy by himself.
Do you know why Jack left so early?
Peter knew why the boy had so many questions.
Mike, can you explain why nobody answered the phone when I called you?
Jim told me why he didn't go fishing yesterday afternoon.
I wonder why the sky is blue.
She forgets why she come here.
They found out why the dog stayed out of the house.
Jenny realized why her roommate didn't like her.
He didn't explain why he was late.
Lizy said nothing about why she didn't want to come.
I understand why all these people don't go to big cities.
She told us why she was willing to help us throughout the process.
I know why you left.
He won't go there with us unless he is invited.
We'll start our project if the president agrees.
You will certainly succeed so long as you keep on trying.
If necessary, ring me at home.
We sat on the grass if it was fine.
If I could afford it, I would buy a boat.
Supposing he can't come, who will do the work?
As long as you don't lose heart, you'll succeed.
I will not attend the meeting unless I am invited.
We didn't know what we should do once the money was used up.
Tell me about it if you have time.
I won't go unless I'm invited.
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You may use the room as long as you clean it up afterwards.
If so, you must get back and get it.
As long as you are still alive, you will definitely encounter the good things in life.
My mistake won't be discovered as long as nobody tells on me.
If you wish good advice, consult an old man.
If the sky falls, we shall catch larks.
Victory won't come to me unless I go to it.
You should have put the book where you found it.
You can sit wherever you like.
Wherever you go, you should work hard.
Everywhere I go, I find the same thing.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Make a mark where you have problems.
I will find him wherever he may be.
We must camp where we can get water.
I will follow you wherever you go.
Go back where you came from.
Give credit where credit is due.
The moon is not seen where the sun shines.
Where there are reeds, there is water.
Don't leave the bottle where he can get at it.
Generally, air will be heavily polluted where there are factories.
Wherever you go, you should work hard.
Where there is no rain, farming is difficult or impossible.
Keep it where you can see it.
Approximately 45 percent of the world's population live where mosquitoes transmit malaria.
Hero worship is strongest where there is least regard for human freedom.
After you think it over, please let me know what you decide.
My father had left for Canada just before the letter arrived.
While my wife was reading the newspaper, I was watching TV.
As we was going out, it began to snow.
When I lived in the countryside, I used to carry some water for him.
When she came in, I stopped eating.
He left the classroom after he had finished his homework the other day.
He visited a lot of places while he was traveling.
I'll let you know as soon as he comes back.
When I got to the cinema, the film had begun.
I will write to you as soon as I get home.
He visited a lot of places while he was traveling.
Mozart started writing music when he was four years old.
I didn't go to bed until I finished my homework.
I can listen to the radio while I work.
When she heard the news, she began to cry.
I like playing football, while Tom likes listening to music.
John sings as he walks home.
We have been friends since we met in Beijing.
It has been six years since she left school.
I didn't realize how special my mother was until I became an adult.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
As soon as he arrives, I'll call you.
I often eat carrots because they are good for my health.
He was angry because we were late.
As the soup was very salty, we were thirsty afterwards.
Since everybody is here, let's begin our meeting.
The day was broken, for the birds are singing now.
As it's dark, we'd better go off work now.
Now that you fee sick, you can have a rest in bed.
He didn't attend the meeting because he was ill.
The football match was put off because it rained.
Since you have known the secret, I needn't say anything about it.
As the ground is wet, it must have rained last night.
He must be ill, for he is absent today.
As he was blind, he couldn't see anything.
We went by bus because it was cheaper.
Since you are free today, you had better help me with my mathematics.
Since you don't trust him, you should not employ him.
As it is raining, you'd better take a taxi.
I went to bed early, as I was exhausted.
He could not have seen me, for I was not there.
He seldom goes out now, for he is very old.
Let's take the front seats so that we may see more clearly.
Give me back the money, otherwise I'll ring the police.
Hurry up or else you'll be late.
I'll speak slowly so that you can understand me.
We got up early in order that we could catch the first bus.
They set out early so that they might arrive at the station in good time.
I'll speak slowly in order that you can understand.
You must speak louder in order that you can be heard by all.
I am telling you that lest you should make a mistake.
We'll sit nearer the front so we can hear better.
She worked hard so that everything would be ready by 5 o'clock.
She looked down so that she should not see his eyes.
Everyone lend a hand, so that the sowing was done in time.
He works hard in order that his family may be happy.
She works hard so that she can get much more salary.
I will sit near the TV, so I can see it more clearly.
I stepped aside so that she might come in.
Put the food on the table so that everyone can dip in.
Her parents made sacrifices so that she could have a good education.
He left the phone off the hook so that he wouldn't be disturbed.
You sing better than I do.
I haven't done as much as I should have liked.
He is taller than I am.
They didn't come to school as early as we.
The house is two times the area of that one.
My case is two times heavier than yours.
The population in this town is about six times what it was a hundred years ago.
He ran as far as he could.
I'm not as tall as him.
She studies harder than I do.
The harder you try, the better you will understand.
I have no more than two dollars left in my pocket.
He has got no less presents than I did last time.
Our class is bigger than yours.
This kind of food is less expensive than that one.
The film today is not so interesting as the one yesterday.
He does not work as hard as his brother.
He woke up as suddenly as he had fallen asleep.
I have never seen so much rain as fell that February.
He moves more slowly than his sister does.
She looked anxious as though she was in trouble.
He wouldn't solve the problem even if he were to take charge.
Though not large, the room was well lit.
Some praise him, whereas others condemn him.
Though we are poor, we are still happy.
Though he's old, he can still carry this heavy bag.
Although he tried hard, he did not find a job.
Even if it snows tomorrow, we shall still go on business.
No matter who breaks the rule, he will be punished.
No matter how hard he tried, she could not change her mind.
Although the TV set is very dear, I still want to buy it.
Although he was worn out, he kept on working.
Child as he is, he knows a lot.
Proud as these nobles are, they are afraid to see me.
Great a scientist as he is, he remains modest.
Try as I might, I couldn't lift the stone.
We'll make trip even if the weather is bad.
Even if I were in your place, I wouldn't take the job.
Whether you believe it or not, it is true.
No matter what happened, he would not mind.
It's a nice room no matter whom it belongs to.
I did as she asked.
I remember the whole thing as if it happened yesterday.
He glanced about as if in search of something
The old lady treats the boy as if he were his own son.
Always do to the others as you would be done by.
As water is to fish, so air is to man.
You must try to hold the tool as I do.
Leave the things as they are.
We must do as the Party tells us.
He looks as if he is angry.
It looked as if there would be an exciting race.
Please pronounce the word the way I do.
They completely ignore these facts as though they never existed.
He looks as if he had been hit by lightning.
He stared at me as if seeing me for the first time.
He cleared his throat as if to say something.
He acted just as if he were afraid.
He behaves as if he were a child.
Please pronounce the word the way I do.
They didn’t do it the way we do now.
I can't help seeing things the way they do.
The box is so heavy that I can't carry it.
She is so beautiful a girl that all the boys of our class like her.
There are so many apples on the desk that we each have one.
There is so little water that you can't drink.
She is such a good girl that she can help you.
It was such bad weather that we all stayed home.
He has such interesting books that he keeps reading all day.
The boy is so young that he can't go to school.
He is such a young boy that he can't go to school.
He worried so that he couldn't sleep.
It was very cold, so that the river froze.
I came to the class early so that I could see the classmate beside me.
Some people were so moved by the sight that they began to cry.
The wind was so strong that he could hardly move forward.
The ball struck him so hard that he nearly fell into the water.
It was so hot a day that they wanted to go swimming.
There are so many picture-story books that the boy won't leave.
There is so much contradictory advice about exercising that you become confused.
He gave me so little time that it was impossible for me to finish the work on time.
He speaks so fast that no one can catch him.
There is so rapid an increase in population that a food shortage is caused.
Our country has so much coal that she can export large quantities.
It is such nice weather that I would like to go to the beach.
The room needs to be cleaned.
The problem is solved.
The question can be answered by anybody.
The floor should be cleaned.
This books is written for me.
English is spoken in many countries.
Up to 90% of the energy in light bulbs is wasted in the form of heat.
Your help is needed to improve this community.
He is called Fatty.
I am asked to be careful.
The child is dressed by his mother every morning.
Dinner is prepared by dad.
Spanish is spoken in Cuba.
French is taught in this school.
Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits.
Once environmental damage is done, it takes many years for the system to recover.
Your teeth must be brushed.
Most paper work is now done by compter.
You're wanted on the phone.
He is asked to work 14 hours a day.
The thief got caught without stealing anything.
The man was bitten by the dog.
The book was showed to the class.
I was invited to the concert.
My windows were broken yesterday.
The first edition of Freud's earliest writings on dreams was published in 1899.
The house was painted yesterday.
The door was closed when I passed by yesterday.
The fish was eaten by the cat last week.
Tom was arrested and sent to prison.
Hamlet was written by Shakespeare.
A purse was left behind.
The electric light was invited by Edison.
Two million dollars was spent in an evening.
Some leaves were blown into my house.
I was given ten minutes to decide whether I should reject the offer.
We were all moved to tears by th moving story.
I was punished by my teacher.
The kite was made by him.
He was heard to sing in the room just now.
A new railway station will be built next year.
No decision will be made about any future appointment until all the candidates have been interviewed.
This matter will be looked into in the future.
In case of bad weather, the wedding will be held indoors.
Hundreds of jobs will be lost if the factory closes.
The problem is going to be discussed at the meeting.
The meeting is to be held on October 1st.
The machine will be mended by me.
More trees will be planed in and aroud our village.
The car will be repaired tomorrow.
The work will be finished in three days.
The new film will be shown next Thursday.
We will be punished if we can't finish the work on time.
The exhibition won't be put off till next week.
The book will be published next year.
Some old buildings are going to be put down.
The trees are going to be cut down.
Cars will be sent abroad by sea.  
Plenty of jobs will be given to school-leavers. 
15, 000 cars will be produced each year in the new factory.  
He said that the bridge would be built next year.
The news would be sent to the soldier's mother as soon as it arrived.
The manager said the project would be completed by the end of the year.
The workers told me that the car would be mended as soon as possible.
His brother said that the homework would be finished by him in half an hour.
Yesterday the student told his parents that the knowledge would be taught by his teacher the next term.
He said that the books would be given to the students.
She said that a new trade center would be built in the centre of the city.
She asked whether their plan would be considered with great care.
The manager said the project would be completed by the end of the year.
I didn't expect that I would be given the prize.
He said his work would be done the next day.
He thought that your watch was going to be mended after an hour.
It was said that they would be selected by lottery.
He said the project would be finished by the time we reached there.
I knew the work would be finished by 5:00 pm.
I thought a beautiful dinner was going to be made by Sally.
I believed that a letter was going to be written to Tom by Jack.
I knew that a house would be bought by my sister.
It was said that they would be selected by lottery.
This question is being discussed at the meeting.
A new factory is being built in our city now.
A new government is being established.
The homework is being written now.
A bridge is being built across the river.
The classroom is being cleaned.
Is the accident now being looked into?
Flowers are being watered by her.
The rooms are being painted.
English lessons are being broadcasted on the radio.
Are the babies being taken care of by this nurse?
Your bicycle is being repaired now.
The project is being carried out.
The meeting is being held in our company.
A number of Benz cars are being shipped abroad.
Look, the children are being taken care of by teachers.
This report is being written by a student.
The rivers and lakes in this area are being polluted by this factory.
You aren't allowed to enter into meeting room because a secret plan is being made.
The funds are being raised to protect wild animal.
A meeting was being held when I was there.
A letter was being written by her at this time yesterday.
They didn't drive there on time because the road was being mended.
Trees were being planted here this time last year.
The feast was being prepared when it began to snow outside.
He said many activities were being planned for the celebration of the company's 60th anniversary.
Was the TV set being fixed this time yesterday.
The man was being questioned by the police at that time.
Computer was being majored by him during his college.
Another bridgewas being built over the Changjiang River then.
The movie star wasn't being stalked by a fan.
A new library was being put up in their school just then.
A meeting was being held when I was there.
Peter was being told a story by his mother when I came in.
Trees were being planted from Monday to Friday last week.
The dog was being taught a trick by him then.
The problem was being discussed at this moment yesterday
The dog was being taken a bath this time yesterday.
The tiger was being fed when we got there.
My car has been repaired.
The party has been planned since the new year.
The school has been mismanaged.
The largest hotel has been built in this city.
The cloth has been worn thin.
All the preparations for the task have been completed.
My homework has been finished.
The house has been built for five years.
Has the sports meet been put off until next Friday?
I have been told the sports meet might be put off.
The price has been brought down.
Nothing has been done to make the river clean.
Big progress has also been made in cultural and educational fields.
This novel has been translated into several languages.
The experiment has been done successfully.
The radio has not been turned on yet.
A new training centre has been set up in our town.
Many new bridges have been built since 1950.
You have been introduced to Mr.Zhang.
My computer has just been attacked by an unknown virus.
By the end of last year, another new gymnasium had been completed in Beijing.
The fire had been put off when the firefighters arrived.
When I got to the theatre, I found the tickets had already been sold out.
His newly written novel had been translated into English by the end of last month.
She told me that she had been dismissed by her boss.
She found the house had been destroyed by the storm.
By last December three ships had been built by them.
He did what he had been told to.
100 tractors had been produced by the end of last year.
Five new buildings had been built by the end of last year.
By the time he got to the school, the first period had been finished.
The classroom hadn't been cleaned before the teacher came.
How many buildings had been destroyed when the hurricane ended?
As the assignment had been done, he went on to search the Internet.
The boy was reminded that his homework had not been handed in.
He said the production costs had been reduced.
The media reported more than 1,000 people had been killed in the earthquake
He had been told many times not to be late.
She told us that the meeting had been canceled.
He begged her to forgive him.
The teacher told us not to read in the sun.
Lucy asked him to turn down the radio.
Tell the children not to play on the street.
He saw a girl get on the bus.
She advised me to have more rest.
I want you to teach me how to learn English well.
Don't make me do this or that.
My mother often tells me to study hard at school.
Mr. Feng asked us not to play too many computer games at home.
Did you hear me sing a song last night?
To make a plan for our future is very important.
To learn English well is useful.
It is useful to learn English well.
It is important to make a plan for our future.
It's very kind of you to help me.
It's very clever of you to do like that.
To help each other is good.
To cooperate with others is important.
My idea is to climb the mountain from the north.
My plan is to finish this task in three weeks.
All he must do is to return the money to me.
What the teacher suggested was to buy a dictionary.
My job is to drive them to the power station every day.
Our plan is to set up another middle school for the peasants' children.
They refused to accept my suggestion.
He demanded to know the truth.
I happened to have read the book before.
I intended to finish the essay last week.
Would you like to see a film this evening?
He pretended to be listening attentively.
She wishes to be a musician.
I am determined to give up smoking.
Can you give us some advice on what to do next?
I prefer to be starved to death rather than beg.
I find it easy to read English everyday.
I have several questions to discuss with you.
I have some news to tell you.
We are in need of nurses to look after the children.
Is this the best way to help him?
He is the only student in that university to win the prize.
I'm not sure which hotel to live in.
He has no place to live.
He is the man to depend on.
He shivered to think of that horrible idea.
To learn English well, he went to England.
The problem was too complicated for us to solve.
I'm only too pleased to meet you here.
She spoke slowly enough to make us hear her clearly.
I ran all the way to the station only to find the train had already left.
I opened the windows to get some fresh air.
Every morning he gets up very early to read English.
She reads China Daily every day in order to improve her English.
You are old enough to take care of yourself now.
To order a vehicle, you have to pay a deposit.
In order to achieve the aim, we must learn from other countries.
She spoke so quickly as to make us not understand what she expressed.
Talking is easier than doing.
Her job is washing and cooking.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
She likes drawing very much.
We can see steam rising from the wet clothes.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting for a long time.
I hear someone knocking at the door.
It was so cold that the travelers had the fire burning all the night.
He saw a girl getting on the bus.
I saw her dancing happily in the classroom.
Mary is thinking of going back to New York.
We often do our cleaning on Saturday afternoon.
Her sister is good at learning physics.
This book is well worth reading.
We found it no good talking like that.
Seeing is believing.
The sleeping child is only five years old.
Do you know the man standing at the gate?
It was so cold that the travelers had the fire burning all the night.
We can see steam rising from the wet clothes.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting for a long time.
My favorite sport is playing football.
He saw a girl getting on the bus.
I hear someone knocking at the door.
Seeing Tom, I couldn’t help thinking of his brother.
When crossing street, you must be careful.
Being ill, he didn’t go to school yesterday.
Mary stood at the school gate waiting for Betty.
Do you think it necessary trying again?
The stolen car was found by the police last week.
The excited people rushed into the building.
We need more more qualified teacher.
Is there anything planned for tomorrow?
The suggestion made by the foreign expert was adopted by the manager.
The books, written by Lu Xun, are popular with many Chinese People.
The meeting, attended by one thousand students, was a success.
Doctors worked through the night to save the life of the injured man.
The glass is broken.
Hearing the news, we were very surprised.  
They were frightened to hear the terrible sound.
At the sight of the moving scene, all the people present were moved to tears.  
I had my bike repaired yesterday.
When I opened the door, I found the ground covered by fallen leaves.
When will you go to the hospital and have your tooth examined?
When you are making a speech, you should speak louder to make your speech heard.
Seen from the hill, our town looks beautiful.
See from the top of the hill, the city looked like a big garden.
Accepted by the party, he decided to devote his life to the cause of the party.
Deeply moved by the story, the excited people stopped quarrelling with each other.
If given more time, we could have done it better.
Give him another chance, he will do better.
Compared with your brother, you should make greater efforts to study English.
Exhausted by the running, they went on running after the robber.  
The old man went into the room, supported by his wife.
Encouraged by the speech, the young people made up their minds to take up the struggle.
